docs: mention on-premise support more prominently (#2095)
berops/claudie: docs/faq/FAQ.md

- Managed Kubernetes for cloud providers that don't offer it
- Cloud bursting
- Service interconnect

> - On-premise and hybrid integration of existing bare-metal or co-located servers as cluster nodepools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Integration of existing on-premises bare-metal or co-located servers as cluster nodepools
```

### How hard is it to add support for a new cloud provider?

Adding a new provider is straightforward. If you need one that isn't supported yet, let us know.

### Does Claudie support on-premise or bare-metal nodes?

> Yes. On-premise, co-located, or any SSH-reachable bare-metal machines can be attached to a Claudie-managed cluster as static nodepools. They behave as first-class Kubernetes nodes alongside dynamic cloud nodepools, so a single cluster can span your own datacenter and one or more public clouds. See the [On Premise provider docs](../input-manifest/providers/on-prem.md) for the requirements (SSH access, reachable endpoints, root privileges) and a full example InputManifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. On-premises, co-located, or any SSH-reachable bare-metal machines can be attached to a Claudie-managed cluster as static nodepools. They behave as first-class Kubernetes nodes alongside dynamic cloud nodepools, so a single cluster can span your own datacenter and one or more public clouds. See the [On Premise provider docs](../input-manifest/providers/on-prem.md) for the requirements (SSH access, reachable endpoints, root privileges) and a full example InputManifest.
```

> Yes. On-premises, co-located, or any SSH-reachable bare-metal machines can be attached to a Claudie-managed cluster as static nodepools. They behave as first-class Kubernetes nodes alongside dynamic cloud nodepools, so a single cluster can span your own datacenter and one or more public clouds. See the [On Premises provider docs](../input-manifest/providers/on-premises.md) for the requirements (SSH access, reachable endpoints, root privileges) and a full example InputManifest.

Author: Fixed.
